#¬†DeveloperDAO Townhall #1 - 2021-09-18

This townhall was organised at very short notice so apologies to anyone that could not make it.

- [‚è± Agenda](#-agenda)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Regular DAO and project meetings](#regular-dao-and-project-meetings)
  - [Onboarding](#onboarding)
  - [Governance in the DAO](#governance-in-the-dao)
  - [Organising learning resources](#organising-learning-resources)
  - [Events](#events)
  - [Documenting our journey](#documenting-our-journey)
  - [Access to DAO Twitter Handle](#access-to-dao-twitter-handle)
  - [Other topics listed to keep track of](#other-topics-listed-to-keep-track-of)
- [üìù Notes](#-notes)
  - [üìã Attendees](#-attendees)
  - [‚úÖ Action Item](#-action-item)
  - [üìπ Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ‚è± Agenda

## Introduction

- Welcome and introductions.
- Collected reasons for participating in the DAO. Mostly revolve around interesting in learning more about web3, meeting others who are passionate about the space and building value (projects, learning etc.) together. Something to be explored more to better define our mission/values/goals.
- Took stock of what people felt were the most pressing topics which then formed rest of meeting.

## Regular DAO and project meetings

- Agreed on the importance of regular community meetings for collaboration and maintaing forward momentum in the DAO. We settled on a tentative time of 5pm on either Friday, Saturday or Sunday. TBC by community vote.
- Similarly, projects to self organise regular open invite meeting and make this visible to community to make it easier for people to participate.
- Agreed we'd look into a way to make all community meetings and events easily public and easily accessible (maybe via an open calendar TBC).

  **\*NB** we opted for this time as it seemed to make the most sense but unsure of optimum. Will put this to a emoji vote over the weekend so please feedback in `#community-improvement` if it doesn't work and we can try to find a better solution together.\*

## Onboarding

- Newcomers find onboarding into the community difficult.
  - server is hard to navigate (to know what to do and where)
  - unsure how to start contributing to commuity
- Agreed we'd review this including looking at better use of BOTS to improve onboarding, potentaily replacing current Collab.land flow with something else that is more strcuture/informative.

## Governance in the DAO

- Aknowledged that this a very important point for the DAO to function well but also that we're very new, all learning as we go and this is a broad topic that will take time to refine and get working well.
- Initial agreement is to get a forum in place (discourse) as a better (more structured) medium for discussing proposals than discord.
- Other elements of this discussion included plans for issuing a token, NFTs vs tokens for access vs ownership/voting rights, distribution of a token, tracking and rewarding contributions etc. Agreed to begin talking about these topics but more important to get simple discussion/decision making process in first as we'll need that to decide on those points.

## Organising learning resources

- Given most people are here to learn, agreed we should start gathering resources being shared into the community into a GitHub repo which anyone can add too.
- Will need volunteers for to get this going and then should self-organise once a structure in place.

## Events

- `Dhaiwat` raised idea of oganising community events. For example, getting outside speakers in from the web3 space to hold talks or workshops using the open 'Stage" channel.

- `NoahH` and `Sandipan` both came forward that given their roles in community/devrel at [QuickNode](https://www.quicknode.com/) and [Polyglon](https://polygon.technology/) respectively, they would each be happy to see if they could get something going.
- Also discussed the need to have a better wy to organise an inform community about events, potentially making use of bots

## Documenting our journey

- `with-love` propsed the idea of documenting our journey setting up the DAO publically as a way to showcase what we are doing but importantly to help others on the same journey figure out how they can get a DAO going also.
- Everyone onboard with this and discussed mirror.xyz and Medium as potential places to host this content but no decision made yet.

## Access to DAO Twitter Handle

- `Eknobl` raised a good point re the community getting access to the DAO twitter handle for sharing communuty projects/events etc.. assumed this is with Nader so need to speak with him on this.

## Other topics listed to keep track of

- Plan for tokenisation and it's implications
- Tracking and rewarding contributions
- Other basic infra for DAO (multi sig wallet, voting, etc. likely part of Governance chat this week)

# üìù Notes

## üìã Attendees

_Did not track this time_

## ‚úÖ Action Item

- `kempsterrrr.eth` to @everyone in message to vote on best day/time for weekly meeting via emoji's picking
- `nagma.eth` to look into a way to display community events in open and easily discoverable way
- `with-love` to orgasnise weekly time for website project meeting
- `goldzulu` to organise weekly time for derivatives project meeting
- `nagma.eth` & `kempsterrrr.eth` to see if we can improve onboarding flow further using bots
- `dhaiwat` & `kempsterrrr.eth` to deploy community discourse server
- `kempsterrrr` to organise initial meeting to discuss approach to governance/contributions/rewards this week. `willblackburn.eth` already suggested good agenda for this so need to follow up.
- `with-love` to create `resources` GitHub repo (Need volunteers to begin working out how to organise this)
- `NoahH` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership with his work:
- `Sandipan` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership with his work:
- `nagma.eth` to look into bots that can help with organising an notifying everyone about events
- Contact Nader regarding access to twitter account

## üìπ Video recording

_Not this time_
