# ‚è± Agenda

## Introduction

- Welcome
- DAO Stats for the week
  - Genesis NFT
  - Server
- $WRITE race
- Being vigilant
- Looking and moving events channel to `#developers`
- Times for these meetings (sorry!)

## Action Items Review

- anyone interested in pariticapting in/sharing proposals, ideas and longer-form
  discussion related to DAO set up discourse profile @
  [forum.developerdao.com](https://forum.developerdao.com/)
- ‚úÖ `marc` to set up mirror profile and enter $WRITE race
- üõë - `kempsterrrr` to gather availability form community for weekly call

## Project updates

What's happneing, what's next, how can people get involved and any specific
support needed:

- Website
- Derivatives
- Knoweldge base
- GitCoin grant
- Job Board + on-chain resume concept

## How we moved forward as a DAO

[Season 0 - How we move forward as a DAO](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-seaon-0/56)

[Defining our Mission, Values, & Goals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/defining-our-mission-values-goals/89)

## üìù Notes

- DAO Stats for the week
  - Gensis NFT
    - Total mints - 3567
    - HODLers - 1959
  - Discord
    - Authenticated members - 1152
- $WRITE Race
  - Massive success, ended 20th with 4903 votes
  - Huge thanks for `marc` for for organising in the time for the race. Great to
    gather around this as a community.
  - All need to rally again on Wednesday at 12pm PT to win next round
- Being Vigilant
  - starting to have scammer impersonate people in the DAO trying to scam
    members
  - NO ONE WILL DM YOU ASKIN FOR MONEY - PLEASE REPORT THESE TO
    `#üö®-report-scams`
- Making events more visible
  - Move `#üìÜ-events` up to `DEVELOPER` category + lock messaging to mods
- POAPs
  - `willblackburn` created a POAP for this meeting as a test, worked really
    well
  - `willblackburn` happy to drive setting up a process for these moving
    forward.
- Website
  - Not much to report here, business as usual
- Derivatives
  - All designs done, can see yours by entering your ID @
    https://pixel-avatars.developerdao.com/
  - Join Fornightly meeting on Sunday @ 5pm UTC to see what's going on /
    get-involved
  - Need help for marketing/tokenomics
  - Discussing an NFT game at the momet based on NFT traits, looking for input
    on this as well
- Knowledge base
- GitCoin Grant
  - Spoke with GitCoin conversation are continuing with GitCoin, Kevin
    (`Owocki`) & Scott (`scott | gitcoin`) have joined the server.
  - Regarding existing grant, next grant round (12) starts December and there is
    a process for making it in so worth starting sooner rather than later
- JobBoard / On-chain resume concept
  - Raised concep of project, ecnourage people to engage with with
    [discourse thread](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/job-board-concept/35/7)
  - `Rahat` setup lettuce meet link to discuss further next week
- Mission, values and goals
  - - `willblackburn` also shared
      [thread](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/on-focusing-the-vision-not-being-everything-for-everyone/50)
      suggesting simplifying DAO goals. Decided to refine and expand this to
      include mission, values and goals, and post as another thead to seek
      feedback - see [Action Items](#-action-items)
- How we moved foward as a DAO - Season 0
  - `kempsterrrr` and `nader` shared
    [proposal](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/12)
    for starting a Season 0.
  - A set of milestones to deliver so we have the foundations in place to move
    forward as a community/DAO
  - Seeking feedback from community on this asap so we can refined and launch,
    ideally for next community call - 15th Ocotber -
    [Action Items](#-action-items)

## Attendees

- See POAPs list

## ‚úÖ Action Items

- everyone interested please respond to
  - [Season 0 Proposal](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/12)
    - Feedback on:
      - Concept of Season 0
      - Suggested tasks/milestone to complete
  - [Defining our Mission, Values, & Goals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/defining-our-mission-values-goals/89)
    - Feedback on:
      - mission statment
      - values
      - goals
      - bigger picture statement
  - `kempsterrrr` + others(?) to refine both docs based on feedback
- `willblackburn` to organise conversation regarding POAP designs for Season 0
- `kempsterrrr` to move `#üìÜ-events` into `DEVELOPERS` and lock to mods

## Video & Audio Recording

[Audio Recording](https://r.mee6.xyz/z7qo77pG8a)
