[Last weeks meeting notes](./2021-09-18.md)

- [‚è± Agenda](#-agenda)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Action Item Review](#action-item-review)
  - [Organising future town halls](#organising-future-town-halls)
  - [Project Updates](#project-updates)
  - [Shout outs](#shout-outs)
  - [How do we move forward as a community](#how-do-we-move-forward-as-a-community)
- [üìù Notes](#-notes)
  - [üìã Attendee's](#-attendees)
  - [‚úÖ Action Items](#-action-items)
  - [üìπ Video/Audio recording](#-videoaudio-recording)

# ‚è± Agenda

## Introduction

- Welcome
- Call to update on what's happning across the DAO, discuss broader topics and shout out contributions
- Assign Reaction roles
- Summarise last weeks call

## Action Item Review

- ‚úÖ `kempsterrrr.eth` to @everyone in message to vote on best day/time for weekly
  meeting via emoji's picking
- ‚úÖ `nagma.eth` to look into a way to display community events in open and easily
  discoverable way
- ‚úÖ ~~`with-heart`~~ `gjsyme | #496` to orgasnise weekly time for website project meeting
- ‚úÖ `goldzulu` to organise weekly time for derivatives project meeting
- `nagma.eth` & `kempsterrrr.eth` to see if we can improve onboarding flow further using bots
- ~~`dhaiwat` & `kempsterrrr.eth`~~ `@codingwithmanny` to deploy demo community discourse server
- `kempsterrrr` to organise initial meeting to discuss approach to
  governance/contributions/rewards this week. `willblackburn.eth` already
  suggested good agenda for this so need to follow up.
- ‚úÖ `with-heart` to create `resources` GitHub repo (Need volunteers to begin
  working out how to organise this)
- `NoahH` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership with
  his work:
- `Sandipan` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership
  with his work:
- ‚úÖ `nagma.eth` to look into bots that can help with organising an notifying
  everyone about events
- Check with Nader regarding access to twitter account

## Organising future town halls

- How do we make sure they're as inclusive as possible
- What's the best place to do these:
  - private discord chat (current)
  - pubic discord chat
  - youtube
  - twitter spaces
- Do we want to audio for every meeting? Share publically?

## Project Updates

What's happeing, what's next, how can people get involved and any specific support needed...

- Website
- Derivatives
- Discourse
- DAOstack, rewarding contributions + governance
- Job Board
- Organising learning resources (need volunteers)

## Shout outs

Over 3000 Dev's! So many good things happening in the community already.

Who do we want to give a shout out?

## How do we move forward as a community

- Priorities
- Misson/values/goals
- Events

# üìù Notes

- Intro's done
- Action items review:
  - Public DAO calendar up with all DAO/Projects meetings [here](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=developerdao1@gmail.com)
  - Codingwithmanny deploying discord tests to DO & AWS
  - Onboarding improvement on-going, initial change from `marc` getting confirmation of server rules and sharing basic instructions
  - Had informal chat about Governance, overall consensus was most important is tracking/rewarding contributions and that we should move slow with DAOstack
  - Repo create for organising learning resources [here](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/resources) - **NEED VOLUNTEERS**
  - `Noah` couldn't make meeting. `Sanidipan` has some options for events however thought organisations needs to improve before we start bringing outsiders in.
  - `Nagma` has rolled-out event bot for event calendar and start reminders
- Oragnising future town halls
  - Another vote for best times
  - Depending on reponse consider alternating times
  - Continue with discord for now, consider Twitter spaces in the future
  - Try to find BOT to automate audio recording
- Project updates
  - Website
    - All moving alongnicely, lots of people contributing and working well.
    - Will continue with weekly meeting on Thursday at 7pm UTC as productive
    - Bit early to rethinking branding whilst we're still figuring out fundemtal points re the DAO: mission/values etc.. Double back on this then
  - Derivatives
    - Eknowbl almost finished with designs, two more trait to tackle
    - Smart contract POC running on rinkeby, only accepting mits from genesis NFT owners
    - Web up for testing new NFT image generation
    - Need to start thinking about marketing soon if we want the launch to be successul, hope was mid-october. Opportunities for getting the message out fast with community but need to oragnise to make that happen.
  - Discourse
    - Rejected from their free tier for open souce
    - Manny looking into + Digital Ocean deploy opiotn this weekend
- Moving the DAO forward
  - Discussed ambitions for the DAO with Nader
    - Most of his career has been sharing knowledge/teaching, DAO model really suitable for taking this a step further as a community to create value that has a real impact on peoples lives and careers.
    - Create a setup whereby if real value is created, those who contribute to creating that value should ideally be able to realise that value in the form of liquid ownership via a token.
  - How do we get things moving
    - Clarity on our values/mission/goals for the community.
    - Consistency/cadence in what we're doing that provides structure to allow us to progress.
    - Need a core team of contributors who are happy invest time in getting things moving
    - Potentially seek partnership with SeedClub, take their support for establishing and growing the DAO in exchange for % of token allocation. It would be great if we can do this ourselves however it might be better to embrace support from people who are experts at doing this. Could help us accelerate things forward. Nader to continue this conversation/found out more about how their program works.
- Other points discussed

  - Events for adding value in the community and creating an external brand which encourages pepole to want to join the DAO/helps get the name out there. Discussed both bring in external contributors and people from the community giving a regular presentations.
  - $DBUCKS as DAO token for ownership +/or voting rotes, distributed based on contributions and/or roles. Need either someone in the communtiy with this knowledge or ask for advice from outsiders.
  - Still a strong desire to start putting out content to tell our story. Discussed mirror.xyz again, need to oragnise securing that account and winning the $WRITE race
  - Desire to gain access to social channels so we can start using them to promote work happening in the DAO more

- ## Practicalities of moving forward

## üìã Attendee's

_Did not track this time_

## ‚úÖ Action Items

- `kempster` find solution for audio recording, ideally automated via a Bot
- `kempster` estbalish server channel for defining dao mission statement/dao manifesto. `Nader` happy to be a driver for this.
- `Nader` to continue conversation with SeedClub to understand: a) how they can help, b) any other advice they have at this stage.
- `codingwithmanny` to test deploying discouse to DO and AWS, make decision as to best option
- `kempster` to share example proposal frameworks to use in discourse
- `Nader` share access to social channels

## üìπ Video/Audio recording

_Unfortunately we had an issue with the recording for this meeting so nothing to share._
