# ‚è± Agenda

- [‚è± Agenda](#-agenda)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Action Items to review](#action-items-to-review)
  - [Mission, values and goals proposal](#mission-values-and-goals-proposal)
  - [Season 0 Update](#season-0-update)
  - [How we organise the DAO](#how-we-organise-the-dao)
  - [D_D Merch](#d_d-merch)
  - [Notes](#notes)
  - [Attendees](#attendees)
  - [‚úÖ Action Items](#-action-items)

## Introduction

- Welcome
- DAO Stats for the week
  - Genesis NFT
  - Server
- $WRITE race

## Action Items to review

- everyone interested please respond to
  - [Season 0 Proposal](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/12)
    - Feedback on:
      - Concept of Season 0
      - Suggested tasks/milestone to complete
  - [Defining our Mission, Values, & Goals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/defining-our-mission-values-goals/89)
    - Feedback on:
      - mission statment
      - values
      - goals
      - bigger picture statement
  - `kempsterrrr` + others(?) to refine both docs based on feedback
- ‚úÖ `willblackburn` to organise conversation regarding POAP designs for Season
  0
- ‚úÖ `kempsterrrr` to move `#üìÜ-events` into `DEVELOPERS` and lock to mods

## Mission, values and goals proposal

## Season 0 Update

## How we organise the DAO

## D_D Merch

## Notes

## Attendees

## ‚úÖ Action Items
