# Developer DAO Website 2021-10-14

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Action Item Review](#actoin-item-review)
- [Triage](#triage)
- [Design](#design)
- [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
- [Misc](#misc)
- [Closing](#closing)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
- [📋 Attendees](#-attendees)
- [✅ Action items](#-action-items)
- [📹 Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

### Introduction

- Welcome
- Narrow discussion around specifically the website as governance should be a
  larger conversation had in another meeting

### Action Item Review

- Get more people added to Vercel build access @with-heart/@thomas
- If not settled, determine if we want the i18n audit action in the repo or set out on its own action
  - we're good with opening issues automatically (but i18n doesn't really get much in the way of traction)
  - it's possible that we could just maintain a single issue and address any missing keys in the body, regenerate the body on pull  
    - @gjsyme turn the PR draft into a real PR and we'll see how things run with the above change
- Revisit PR #4 with more people on the call
  - still built on tailwind
  - closing for now, may revisit based upon determining requirements down the road
- Look at integration with DevDao mirror presence (just won this week -> action item for this coming week)
  - @kempsterrrr and @nader have stuff to talk about on how we'll be using the Mirror at the town hall
  - once that is set out, we can revisit this.

### Triage


#### Issues

- [Open Issues Last Updated Before 20211007](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+updated%3A<2021-10-07)
  - 8
- [Open issues](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues)
  - 10 as of meeting time
  - of note the handoff of #77
  - #98 has spiraled out from its original intent due to Next.js build issues with i18n

#### PRs

- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/pulls)
  - 4

### Design

- Landing page redesign (awaiting draft PR once @dhaiwat has something)

### Proposed Features Projects

- Some PRs have been brought in by the community with improvements and fixes - this is great!

### Misc


### Closing


# 📝 Notes

No general notes. Notes taken inline for the Action Item Review, Issues, and PRs.

### 📋 Attendees

- Alex Kam | #363
- DeFi Dawson - @dawsonbotsford
- gjsyme
- jzava
- narb
- raz
- with-heart

### ✅ Action items

- @gjsyme take [PR #127](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/127) out of draft status with change to update vice create tickets
- @with-heart close PR #4
- @with-heart / @dhaiwat pair session to push the landing page redesign
- @gjsyme bump the minting PR actors

### 📹 Audio and/or Video recording
