# Developer DAO Website 2021-10-28

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Action Item Review](#actoin-item-review)
- [Triage](#triage)
- [Design](#design)
- [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
- [Misc](#misc)
- [Closing](#closing)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
- [📋 Attendees](#-attendees)
- [✅ Action items](#-action-items)
- [📹 Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

### Introduction

- Welcome
- Narrow discussion around specifically the website.

### Action Item Review
- ✅ Narbs followed up on Vercel ticket; still in progress
- closure on stale issues

### Triage


#### Issues

- [Open Issues Last Updated Before 20211028](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+updated%3A<2021-10-21)
  - 8
- [Open issues](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues)
  - 8
    - 114: on Dhaiwat and Marbiano (build and design, respectively, both have things to do)
    - 110: remains pending Mission, Values, and Goals for Season 0
    - 98: validate token numbers, has open [PR #105](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/105)
    - 97 (analytics): Still no action from @nagma on the email; carlomigueldy has the recommendation of Pickle but it was kinda kiboshed in chat
    - 95: outstanding Portugese (and variant) translations
    - 92: no respone from @codingwithmanny or @fmoliveira
    - 77: direct mint [PR 120](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/120) open
    - 76: search by property never responded to by mathdroid

#### PRs

- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/pulls)
- 4
  - [147](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/147)
    - changes requested by @narbs and @with-heart
    - permission required to automatically build for first-time contributor
  - [127](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/127)
    - waiting on (requested) review by @with-heart
  - [120](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/120)
    - direct mnting needs review by @codingwithmanny and @with-heart
  - [105](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/105)
    - this is the vercel build issue referred to in action items

### Design


### Proposed Features Projects


### Misc


### Closing


# 📝 Notes
The Infura ID is now part of the environment variables and therefore will break people's local instances pending them getting it out of band
  - Infura ID is available through a list of people (to be populated) - ask in Discord in the meantime
  - @with-heart will look into that
  - perhaps set up a .env.example in the repo to then show that you need to have a given set of variables defined
  - @narbs will include this spec in the new test config ticket he's making

Issues
- 97: we should make the results of analytics open in some way (so that we can stay open)
  - @with-heart can look into that / ability to share access and whatnot
  - analytics can be shared once it's set up (but we need to set it up)
- 95: who speaks portugese? fmoleveira? tmata?
  - do we close it and open one ticket per language? if so, we should also update the PR for i18n tickets to do that
  - @gjsyme split up the i18n ticket
- 92: @codingwithmanny will split out tests vs the docker container implementation
- 77: PR 120 and 147 are in progress. Lot of work to be done on testing
  - could use more eyes on it
  - could merge the changes and add unit testing as a ticket as a "fast follow"
    - narbs and manny will work on the followon
    - testnet configuration for Vercel testing
- 76: @with-heart closing on my behalf

PRs
- 147 going to allow run and/or merge it down
- 127 what are we even try to do with this anymore?
  - take it back to a husky triggered script
- 120 is entrained in 147
- 105 is waiting on vercel at this point

Other
- we should be testing for web standards
  - accessibility
  - browser compatibility
  - internationalization
- we also need to test for web3 specific issue
  - wallet compability
- a11y in web3: how is everyone doing on that?
- we should get the site to its next iteration (stable) and do an a11y audit of sorts
  - @narb | 2669 is an a11y champion irl
### 📋 Attendees
- `alex kam | #363`
- `alex245`
- `brandon #4566`
- `codingwithmanny`
- `gjsyme | #496`
- `ibbydev {ibby.dev}`
- `narb | 2669`
- `with-heart`

### ✅ Action items
- @with-heart list who can view/share the Infura key
- @narbs | 2669 write a spec for the .env.example into the new test config ticket he's making
- @with-heart looking into who can set up the analytics and our ability to share access
- @gjsyme split up the i18n ticket (1 ticket per language)

### 📹 Audio and/or Video recording
- MEE6 was running. It then decided to eat the recording. None available.