# Developer DAO Website 2021-11-04

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Action Item Review](#actoin-item-review)
- [Triage](#triage)
- [Design](#design)
- [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
- [Misc](#misc)
- [Closing](#closing)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
- [📋 Attendees](#-attendees)
- [✅ Action items](#-action-items)
- [📹 Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

### Introduction

- Welcome
- Narrow discussion around specifically the website
- Lots of people showing up and asking to get involved recently - this is great!

### Action Item Review

- @with-heart list who can view/share the Infura key
- @narbs | 2669 write a spec for the .env.example into the new test config ticket he's making
  - environment variable set for Infura key
  - testnet working locally PR is also driven by ENV variables
- @with-heart looking into who can set up the analytics and our ability to share access
- @gjsyme split up the i18n ticket (1 ticket per language)

### Triage

- 3 general opened this week
  - all are already assigned (triage successful!)
- 3 translation opened by me night of 03Nov
  - pt, pt-br, pt-pt
  - can now close #95 with the new way of trying to break down i18n to more achievable parts
  - probably worth updating the issue form to force only 1 language per issue and to set that language to be part of the issue title

#### Issues

- [Open Issues Last Updated Before 20211104](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+updated%3A<2021-10-28)
- [Open issues](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues)
  - [156](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/156) responsive design has progress from `theprojectcode` ongoing
  - [155](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/155) (network switching for test environments) has PR 162 and some more requests from `codingwithmanny`
  - [154](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/154) (e2e tests for direct mint) has `codingwithmanny` ~~keeping secrets~~ working on a [personal repo](https://github.com/codingwithmanny/web3-react-jest-tests) / will result in a coherent branch / PR coming soon(tm)
  - [114](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/114) (landing/home page) has a draft PR 159 open from `nazeeh21`; `g3root` has also expressed interest (sounds like he has some work done but not PR'd as of 03Nov)
  - [110](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/110) (about page) pending S0 final verbiage then design then `nazeeh21` has expressed interest
  - [98](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/98) (validate token number) still awaiting Vercel support after some movement last week (in their support). `narbs91` pursuing (sent followup 03Nov).
  - [97](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/97) (setup analytics) no action since last meeting (and no updates in 20 days by the time the meeting happens). `gjsyme` messaged `nagmak` regarding this 03Nov, but previous messages have been sent by others...
  - [95](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/95) (translation of 'projects') as referenced above, is legacy i18n tasks and has been broken out into 3
  - [92](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/issues/92) (reduce NFT data response time on e2e tests) has sat idle (might get resolved by other test work, but nothing showing on ticket).


#### PRs

- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/pulls)
- [Feature: Testnet local environment](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/162) conversation surrounding vercel vs production
- [Add a Resources page](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/161) needs some refactoring but functional
  - ISR on Vercel as a possible solution for caching
- [Add hook to get the DEV NFT supply](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/160) progress being made. Changes requested 03Nov
- [Redesign landing page](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/159) (Draft) PR to go with issue 114
- [Show available token list on mint page](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/158) mentioned in PR 160.
- [Log i18n key misses per language file](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/127) pending reversion to in-repo script / precommit hook so that users can create tickets as appropriate
- [fix: Validate token number from url parameter](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/105) PR that is blocked by the build issues referenced in issue 98

### Design

- Worth looking ahead at what an About page would look like.
  - Great opportunity to build out with figma (these are also linked a few places in discord if you search for Figma)
    - landing page example: https://www.figma.com/file/NuGyq4CdJaCFAt6oubMcVv/D_D?node-id=7%3A2
    - logos, etc: https://www.figma.com/file/BBxYJrArJFOpND9c4OBWkY/D_D?node-id=3%3A2
  - Can also start sharing any inspiration in #website so people can have food for thought


### Proposed Features Projects

- Discourse/Discord bot to keep communication between Discord and the Forum
- Community driven technical interviews to help people prepare for and get used to technical interviews on technical questions

### Misc

- Season Zero coming up (lifted from the proposal on [the forum](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/p3-developer-dao-season-0/219))

> Website

> Their primary objective during Season 0 is to build and launch V1 of the website with a structure and content that helps the DAO deliver on its mission, values & goals, to potentially include the following:

> Landing Page that gives high-level overview of the DAO and encourages people to take action (join, check out projects, Learn Web3)

> Projects page(s) that primarily highlight on-going DAO projects but also provides some visibility for member projects created in/for the DAO/its members.

> Contact or partner with us section/page.


### Closing


# 📝 Notes

- shoutout to the job board project as an example of building something because you want it to exist. check them out in their repo and channel
- Tooling channel is building test tools as needed as the web3 new features are not necessarily well supported by existing tools


### 📋 Attendees

- alex kam | #363
- brandon #4566
- brandonl.eth
- carlosguso
- codebycorey
- codingwithmanny
- embiem
- erik_knobl
- gjsyme | #496
- josh stein (he/him)
- lucaperret.eth
- moonshotcoordinator
- narb | 2669
- orlundohubbard
- perritoDOG
- willblackburn.eth
- with-heart

### ✅ Action items

- per last week


### 📹 Audio and/or Video recording

- [YouTube](https://youtu.be/SZN8mU48Ndo)