# Developer DAO Website 2021-10-21

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Action Item Review](#actoin-item-review)
- [Triage](#triage)
- [Design](#design)
- [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
- [Misc](#misc)
- [Closing](#closing)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
- [📋 Attendees](#-attendees)
- [✅ Action items](#-action-items)
- [📹 Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

### Introduction

- Welcome
- Narrow discussion around specifically the website

### Action Item Review
- ✅ @gjsyme take [PR #127](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developerdao.com/pull/127) out of draft status with change to update vice create tickets
- ✅ @with-heart close PR #4
- @with-heart / @dhaiwat pair session to push the landing page redesign
  - still working to align schedule
  - @dhaiwat will press forward for the time being
- ✅ @gjsyme bump the minting PR actors

### Triage
- No new tickets

#### Issues

- [Open Issues Last Updated Before 20211021](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+updated%3A<2021-10-14)
- [Open issues](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues)
- No answer on #118
- Dhaiwat building on #114
- Still waiting on season zero / mission, value, and goals for #110
- Waiting on PR #105 to resolve #98
- Still ru and pt (with variants) for #95
- Question to fmoliveira and codingwithmanny for #92
- 2 merged, 1 unmerged PR for #88
- There is a PR to be resolved associated with #77 - action to Ibby-dev
- Waiting on (bumped issue with) mathdroid for #76

#### PRs

- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/pulls)
- 4 open
- Log i18n key misses (reviewed) #127
  - believe that with-heart has to review having requested changes previously
- Direct Minting (reviewed) #120
  - Relates to Issue #77.
  - Has spawned PR #147
    - Ibby-dev has updated and now just a few things to be cleaned up (something with the testing as of 8 hours ago)
- Validate token number from url parameter #105
  - build issues question pinged by @narbs on 18Oct


### Design


### Proposed Features Projects


### Misc


### Closing


# 📝 Notes


### 📋 Attendees

- @gjsyme | #496
- @Narb | 2669
- @Alex Kam | #363
- @Dhaiwat
- @sh31 (#5431)
- @Raz#1337
(one or two others, maybe as we had some people in and out)

### ✅ Action items
- get closure on assigned issues that people have not been executing on
- @narbs going to open a support ticket with Vercel for PR #105

### 📹 Audio and/or Video recording
- None taken, MEE6 was non responsive