<h1>Developer DAO Website 2021-09-23</h1>

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
    - [Introduction](#introduction)
    - [Action Item Review](#action-item-review)
    - [Issue Triage](#issue-triage)
    - [Design](#design)
    - [Managing New Features](#managing-new-features)
    - [Eth Domain](#eth-domain)
    - [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
      - [Forum](#forum)
      - [Job Board](#job-board)
      - [Learning Platform](#learning-platform)
      - [Gitcoin](#gitcoin)
    - [Social Media](#social-media)
    - [Misc](#misc)
    - [Closing](#closing)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
    - [📋 Attendees](#-attendees)
    - [✅ Action items](#-action-items)
    - [📹 Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

### Introduction
- Welcome
- This this is a meeting about the website and the direction we want to take it.
- Try to ID when things require outside input or clarification of the scope of the website group

### Action Item Review

1. ✅ Need someone to take hold of the Gitcoin POC [github issue #64](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues/64)
2. Decision on if we should create a blog or post on an existing platform
3. ✅ Create a repository for meeting minutes

### Issue Triage
- [Issues over a week since update](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+updated%3A%3C2021-09-16) (Note the querystring for date of update)

### Design
- [Base Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/BBxYJrArJFOpND9c4OBWkY/D_D?node-id=37%3A3) has been created (thanks `@codingwithmanny#0205`)
  - People can create their own copy in order to work on design(s)
- Other larger topics were brought up in the previous notes
  - Brand Guidelines
  - Design as Bounty
  - Design elements need to be better defined
    - Explain how others can use design elements

### Managing New Features
- How to merge changes faster
- Document those with rights (identify constraint)
  - Github
  - Vercel

### Eth Domain
- `@mannyoloswag#7791` hodling the developerdao.eth domain until we have use for it and will transfer to community
- Need a plan for that address
  - Main domain
  - Subdomain for users (how managed?)
  - Address for DAO Treasury

### Proposed Features Projects
- `@codingwithmanny#0205` Project Codename Redlight Greenlight
- `@codingwithmanny#0205` Project Codename Self Conscious Token
- Vercel Analytics Access for all (most? some?)

#### Forum
- Has been topic of conversation on discord; sounds like the plan is to use existing but not official.
- Pending an unexpected decision to host on the website, out of scope of this group
- Refer to the discourse channel on Discord

#### Job Board
- DAO2DAO to differentiate from existing offerings (Braintrust)
- Clarity needed on [Pallet](https://pallet.xyz) as brought up by `@Parkerhendo#5828` [on discord](https://discord.com/channels/883478451850473483/883705562850807808/888886395572207706)

#### Learning Platform
- `@StErMi.eth#0277` will be kicking this off with a PR to the [resources repo][resources]

#### Gitcoin
- [Issue in progress](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues/64), appears to be stuck on a question
- Funding

### Social Media
- Should document who has what rights
- Probably out of scope for website

### Misc
- Add contributing guide to the community repo

### Closing

# 📝 Notes
- Introductions done
- We like the notion of following up on action items
- Thomas Metta has the action for GitCoin POC
- Brief rundown by `@codingwithmanny`
- Merging changes faster
  - more qualified hands to approve changes -> faster merges
  - prevent PRs from getting stale / devs losing motivation
  - power to approve vs power to merge
  - Currently if you do stuff, you probably will get a role associated. If you want a role, ask for that role.
- Documentation of rights
  - `@with-heart` is looking into documenting
  - maybe put that on the main repo
- Manny's projects:
  - RedLight GreenLight: 
    - A static website that is like https://node.green/ but for showing the difference between the different ERC proposals, aka ERC 721 vs 720 vs 1115
  - Self Conscious Token: 
    - I haven't seen this, but it may exist, OpenSea has a previous for seeing how your token looks like on its test network (I think ropstein).
    - It would be nice to have an offline version of this called "Sea Meta" where you can paste in JSON meta data, and see what you token might look like before deploying things. It's basically a play https://metatags.io/ to help people test with.
- `gjsyme` project idea: Stack Overflow for Crypto
- Forum. No longer a web problem, per se
  - `@codingwithmanny` is setting up a demo instance
  - Job board per notes- Parker not on call
  - Our little projects here and there don't define us
    - A larger project will help unify us
    - Will also help us clarify what we have issues with, in DAO operations
- Learning Platform
  - Starting on github the links of anything that we find useful
  - We can try to make a roadmap for developers going from web2 to web3
    - Freecodecamp is probably going to have the 0-to-web3 path, we should have content targeted more at developers. Maybe.
  - Can also have blog recommendation lists, etc
- Gitcoin
  - is a fine option
  - we could, in theory, run these things internally and not pay the cut to gitcoin
  - question comes back to how we would fund anyone doing things with gitcoin
- Social Media
  - we may have a YouTube (`kempsterrr`?)
- Community Repo Contributing Guide
  - There is a working document on standards/best practices
    - what to do when raising issues / PRs
    - `@narb` has the google docs link and will share
  - Defining what $ACTION is in the context of $THING
    - so people know what to do with QAing a PR, for example
    - strong opinions should push action/process
      - make the case and follow through
      - community check to ensure that processes make sense
- When in doubt, BUIDL
  - processes can follow
## Meeting should still tighten focus on website, specifically
  
### 📋 Attendees
`@AxE`
`@dhaiwat`
`@Emanuel | (0x4ae)`
`@ftsy | 712`
`@gjsyme | #496`
`@grothem`
`@Jeremie`
`@kfn | Dev#1667`
`@maakas`
`@marbiano@2484`
`@Narb | 2669`
`@rasmuscnielsen`
`@raz`
`@with-heart`

### ✅ Action items
`@with-heart` documenting who controls what (github, hosting, social) from what his permissions can see
### Video Recording
- Audio recording (82.6MB)
  - hosting TBD


[Developer DAO Website 2021-09-13]: ./meetings/2021/20210913-website.md
[Github Issues]: https://github.com/Developer-DAO/developer-dao/issues
[resources]: https://github.com/Developer-DAO/resources