<h1>Developer DAO Website 2021-09-13</h1>

- [‚è± Agenda](#-agenda)
    - [Introduction](#introduction)
    - [Design](#design)
    - [Managing New Features](#managing-new-features)
    - [Eth Domain](#eth-domain)
    - [Proposed Features Projects](#proposed-features-projects)
      - [Forum](#forum)
      - [Job Board](#job-board)
      - [Learning Platform](#learning-platform)
      - [Gitcoin](#gitcoin)
    - [Social Media](#social-media)
      - [Twitter](#twitter)
      - [Blogging](#blogging)
    - [Misc](#misc)
      - [MEE6](#mee6)
      - [Becoming More Decentralized](#becoming-more-decentralized)
    - [Closing](#closing)
- [üìù Notes](#-notes)
    - [üìã Attendees](#-attendees)
    - [‚úÖ Action items](#-action-items)
    - [üìπ Video recording](#-video-recording)

# ‚è± Agenda

### Introduction

- Welcome
- Narrow discussion around specifically the website as governance should be a larger conversation had in another meeting

### Design

- What should the direction be?
- Ideas: terminal styles, cyberpunk, vscode
- Before creating ui, the overall message of the brand and mission needs to be defined so that the UI properly echoes that communication
- An idea was proposed to make the design a bounty
- An idea was proposed that after the message has been defined we find existing website examples that best resonate with that message for inspiration
- Conversation seems to be bigger than just the website conversation and might need its own meeting

### Managing New Features

- Current problem is there is no set process for submitting ideas, voting on them, and getting someone to work on them
- Decided that the current solution, that was somewhat adopted, is as follows:
  - 1. New features should be proposed in GitHub issues
  - 2. Get approval from others in that issue thread that this is worth pursuing as a feature
  - 3. Ask for a volunteer or take the task yourself and mention in the thread that you are working on it
- There is currently only two people that have admin access over the main repository
  - Discussion should be made if others can be added to help with organization / triage
  - Note: Anyone can still fork repos and submit PRs to contribute

### Eth Domain

- Goal of discussion of eth domain was to use it on the website and potentially with snapshot.org
- Found out that `developerdao.eth` is owned by `@manyoloswag#7791` and `@marc` is going to reach out to them
- Apparently `@marc` got `devdao.eth` in the meantime

### Proposed Features Projects

- A few features were discussed but ultimately the main one that came up was a Forum to centralize the information regarding topics versus having everything on Discord

#### Forum

- [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org) was discussed as an option to use because of discussions and voting, but there is no wallet integration
- [Snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/) was also presented as a decentralized platform option, which supports connecting a wallet
- [RedwoodJs](https://community.redwoodjs.com/) was mentioned as a good example for fostering community, using Discourse

#### Job Board

- A job board might be interesting to build to help the community find jobs
- A job board could also be monetized to help fund future projects

#### Learning Platform

- A learning platform was discussed as a possible offering to give back to the community

#### Gitcoin

- Moving things to Gitcoin was discussed to make projects more decentralized

### Social Media

- Currently the DAO only uses Twitter and Discord for communication and exploration of other avenues / mediums should be looked at

#### Twitter

- Unconfirmed: `@nader#1506` is the sole person who controls [@developer_dao](https://twitter.com/developer_dao], and we would like to discuss how that account can be utilized by the community to give updates

#### Blogging

- [Medium.com](https://medium.com) was presented as an option to blog on
- [Dev.to](https://dev.to) a more dev focused blogging platform
- [Mirror.xyz](https://mirror.xyz) a more web3 focus blogging platform
- [Hashnode](https://hashnode.com) another blog platform
- [Ghost](https://ghost.org) a possible solution for self hosting
- Undecided was how the submissions process would work, if any, and if there would be a moderation process put in place as well
- `@codingwithmanny#0205` mentioned that we should leverage existing blog platforms because that is naturally where readers go for content, which would increase exposure
- `@keretos#6430` mentioned that we should start thinking about blogging when we have a reason to blog and may consider shelving this for now

### Misc

- Additional topics that may not be directly related but have some relevance

#### MEE6

- `@kempsterrrr#8590` discussed the idea of having an onboarding channel that would be slightly automated with MEE6, where we could gather information about skills, and incentivize new users to follow social media accounts with a reward as a quick win
- There might be some integration with the website on how to be onboarded as a section

#### Becoming More Decentralized

- `@Raz#1337` mentioned [Radicle](https://radicle.xyz/) for storing our code, [Gitcoin](https://gitcoin.co/) to share bounties, [Poap](https://poap.xyz/faqs) for tracking participation, [Element.io](https://element.io) as an alternative to Discord
- Concern was risen that these additional apps could increase the barrier of entry

### Closing

- Great meeting
- There will be a separate conversation about governance and we'll rely on `@willblackburn#5859`'s experience
- Current process for features should be in Github issues for now

# üìù Notes

### üìã Attendees

Too many to name at the moment

### ‚úÖ Action items

1. Need someone to take hold of the Gitcoin POC
2. Decision on if we should create a blog or post on an existing platform
3. Create a repository for meeting minutes

### üìπ Video recording

- No video recording was created at this time (possible future idea)
